[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today,
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Tim, a tactical
advisor in covert governance
in Germany who analyzes and
suggests various strategies
in relation to extraterrestrial
groups in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thanks for having me.
It's a pleasure.
>> EMERY: What can you
tell us about the moon?
Is it natural?
Is it artificial?
>> TIM: It's a ship.
So it seems to be an object
that is built and brought
into the atmosphere of the Earth
in order to have some effect.
So I have two different
perspectives on the moon.
One comes from the Greys,
and one comes from Being 6.
They both have their
own take on the moon,
on the history of the moon,
the importance of the moon,
but one thing they
both agree upon
is the significance of the moon.
It seems to be super important.
And quoting the Greys here, it's
the key to ascension of Earth.
>> EMERY: What is the
history of the moon?
>> TIM: So we have two
perspectives on that.
The Greys, from their
viewpoint, the moon
has been brought to the Earth.
It also had one functionality,
which I cannot talk about right
now, but maybe later.
And it initiated the
contact between Earth people
and non-terrestrial beings.
So it also seems to
operate as a base
for different types
of species of groups
that are located there.
One thing that needs to be
in the mind of the people
is that there's no other
moon in all of our system
that is as round as our moon.
So normally, moons
have the tendency
to build clusters, which means
they form in irregular ways,
maybe like rocks or something.
So they are not perfectly round.
This is the only
moon, the only moon
that we have in the system
that is perfectly roundish.
And it also-- and that
might be important
when we come to the perspective
of Being 6 to the moon's
function, even it's
closer to the Earth,
it is the same size as the sun.
So moon and sun, they
both overlap perfectly.
>> EMERY: What is
the role of the moon?
Why'd they put it there?
What's the function of it?
>> TIM: So I personally think
that this is a Dyson sphere,
which means it's a roundish
ship that is built around,
for example, an artificial sun
or a natural sun or natural
star or something that is giving
energy to the moon's system.
I don't know that for sure.
But what the Greys are
saying is that some species--
and at that point,
at least, I don't
know what species did that.
It must be way back, way back,
and brought the moon close
to Earth, and by that,
initiated the contact.
Through that, we have a
denaturalized influence
upon Earth which brought Earth
into some kind of chaos, which
means different influences from
outside of the Earth system
came into the system.
And the history of
humanity, at least,
what the Greys is saying, is
that brought, well, influences
to the people on
Earth, but also,
made it destabilized and
more affected by chaos
so that at one time or another,
all the influences, which
means all the
non-terrestrial people,
all other people that have been
in contact with ancient people
moved outside and went away
from the surface of the Earth
in order to bring
some natural evolution
to the planet, or at
least, the opportunity
to naturally evolve.
>> EMERY: You speak of
the influence the moon has
on Earth.
Can you elaborate?
Like, what influence?
Is there a special energy?
Are they emitting
something down to us?
>> TIM: Right now, it
seems that the moon is used
as an operation base, which
means that a lunar base is
stationed upon the moon.
Back then, it seems
that the moon,
at least from what
the Greys said,
was the initiator to contact.
Being 6, as a life form
that is living outside
of the way we
perceive time, which
means it's outside of time
and outside of dimension,
it has a different take upon
the moon which is totally
the perspective of them in
comparison to the Grey thing
is totally different.
They concentrate
upon the relationship
from the sun and the moon
as two opposing energies,
which means--
and I want to make that as
visualizable as possible.
They see that everything in the
universe as this kind of sun
source light thing,
and at some points,
we have those clusters or
reality clouds that kind of
are darkish and have
some kind of paradox
in order to solve
to be decided upon.
From their perspective,
they see the Earth
as the only planet
in the universe.
When they concentrate
upon that, they
talk about like, a
tube system, where
you have at one ending, the sun,
and at one ending, the moon,
the sun resembling like,
the natural source,
the first manifestation
of source,
while the moon is manifestating
the inside affects,
the inside logics, the
manipulation in some kind
of way that we have when
we're inside of the system,
inside of reality.
So they see the sun
and the moon as kind
of the male and female
energy inside of that tube,
while the effect of that is
that in the middle of it,
it creates Earth as a child.
So they-- because
they are pretty,
they have a different
take upon that.
They are more
philosophical, maybe.
They see a tube with two ends,
a plus and a minus polarization,
which forms kind of an
energy, and in the middle
of that energy flow from
one pole to another,
we have a life form.
And we, as the people
of this planet,
we are the planet to them.
So the child is not everyone
on the Earth itself,
but it's the planet
itself is the child.
>> EMERY: So do they believe
that the moon is natural?
>> TIM: No.
They believe that the
moon is the manifestation
of manipulation
inside of the system.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> TIM: Which means the
sun is the representative
of the source of a field that
is natural and everywhere
and everything all at once,
while the moon is something
that represents the effects
of moving inside of reality
and manipulating something.
And they also say
that by this kind
of denaturalized
phenomenon, there
is this imbalance between
female and male energy
which creates kind of
the chaos on Earth.
That is the take and the
perspective Being 6 has.
And for them, it's
everything that
is necessary in order
to make the Earth a life
form in itself.
>> EMERY: Tim, what are
the effects of the moon
on the Earth and on
the people of Earth?
>> TIM: Yeah.
The moon seen as an initiator
of the contact from one species
to the Earth people.
That is one of the
main functions,
at least what the Greys said.
There is also an effect that the
moon has which I cannot reveal
yet, but we can see that the
moon has a lot of effects
on waves and tides on the
surface of the planet.
It has a lot to do with
the way water operates.
One thing I am not
sure right now,
because the
significance of the moon
is what every
species agrees upon.
So there seems to be a huge,
tremendous effect upon Earth.
One thing I don't
know at that moment
is, is that effect benevolent
or it's hindering something?
In one case, it could be
beneficial to provide life
on Earth through the energies
that, you know, get started,
initiated by the
field of the moon.
You have the tides,
you have the water.
And also, inside of us,
because every human body
is at least about 80% of water.
So the effect is directly
influencing the body.
But it could also be that it
denaturalizes the human bodies.
And it might be the
case that it would
be better and beneficial for
the evolution of the bodies
to remove the moon or even to
shut down whatever's there.
So I'm not sure at
that moment if it's
beneficial or malevolent.
>> EMERY: Right.
Working-- this has
been documented
working in the emergency
room, and also in the wards
where they deliver babies, and
also working with local police
law enforcement, it
seems that crime goes up
when there's a full moon.
We also have a large influx
of trauma at the hospitals
during a full moon.
Could you explain what
that phenomena is?
>> TIM: The
perspective of Being 6,
because they look upon it
more philosophically and have
a different perspective upon it,
less hands-on, less technical,
more philosophical, so they say
the way birth appears as it is
happening on Earth
with mammals and stuff,
that is something that
brings trauma to the species.
Because naturally,
everything in the universe
is created outside of
itself, but it's not
that traumatic, that one host,
in some kind of way, that
is hosting the baby is
taking material of itself,
and by trauma, getting
the baby into life.
So they have this thought
that male and female energies
are kind of in an imbalance.
The best I could
describe it is the story,
again, we have in the
Vedas, where the male--
the female wants the baby, wants
the creation of the universe,
and the male part
doesn't agree that much
to have a baby because it
feels that-- the male one feels
distracted from the love that
the universe radiates and is
in every moment, and
through that, you
have this imbalance and conflict
upon the child that is created.
And it needs to be-- from
the perspective, at least,
from Being 6.
And you need to remember it's
a level 6 consciousness being.
They don't care about politics.
They don't care
about technology.
What they care about is
energy coming in harmony
and being balanced,
paradox being resolved.
That is their take upon reality
and how they perceive that.
And they see the struggle
of the male energy that
feels disconnected to
life, and through that,
needs to fight and to manipulate
and to achieve something
in life to be worthy of
love while love is actually
our natural and most
stable level of being.
So that is where
they are concerned,
that the moon brings some
denaturalized paradox
to the balance of
male and female.
But through that,
creation is happening.
So we need in some kind of
way the moon and the male part
in order to have the
situation we have,
but we also need
to develop in a way
that we get over that
in some way or another.
>> EMERY: Is the moon affecting
us naturally or artificially?
>> TIM: So it seems, at least
to the perspective of Being 6,
again, as being outside of
time, outside of dimension,
having a different take upon
reality and a different focus
in life, they say it's an
unnatural force that is
affecting the natural
evolution of Earth.
So naturally, Earth
would have had
a different
evolutionary path that
would have been the mission
or the plan of source
for whatever happens on Earth.
And by the moon bringing--
brought in it denaturalized the
evolution and the path of Earth
and brings in some kind
of unnatural influence.
Which doesn't mean it's bad.
It just means it
creates a paradox,
a chaos that creates life.
And we can, you know, see
that as a metaphor for life
being in the source state as
something that is harmonious,
connected, and solved, while
when we, inside of life; inside
of our own experience,
through everything we do,
we affect and influence
something, and through that,
we create chaos, but
it's also the way life
generates new experience,
through this interaction.
I might do something
while I'm inside
of creation that affects someone
else, like, randomly, but it
creates these new patterns
to reality, and through that,
life grows and life
can experience things.
But it's also kind of chaos.
Because in the natural
state of the universe,
everything is in
perfect balance.
There's nothing to be done,
nothing to achieve, nothing
to see or experience
because it's all unfolded.
But the moon is representing,
at least for Being 6,
the chaotic influences of
beings inside of reality.
>> EMERY: What would happen
if we did not have a moon?
>> TIM: Good question.
I'd say that the evolution
on Earth would be different.
Perhaps we'd not even
have beings here.
So what we know is
that some of the most
evolved races in
the universe, their
take upon it is that
the universe seemed
to be a huge space with
uninhabited planetary bodies,
and through bringing all these,
you know, influences inside,
into planetary systems,
they created life forms,
they created other consciousness
units that affect each other,
and through that, you have a lot
of chaos, but also, experience.
And when we bring that
back to the Vedas,
you probably know that
they have this god called
Brahma which is the creator.
It is kind of--the
creation itself,
it is the consciousness unit.
And they say that Brahma
brings trouble and chaos,
and it also brings, you know,
the struggle and the imbalance.
But without Brahma, there
wouldn't be a creation at all.
There would be nothing to
do, nothing to learn from,
nothing to experience.
So that take upon the moon is
that it's a unnatural force
and unnatural influence
upon the Earth,
but through that male and
female energy, through that,
we create what we
have now upon Earth.
>> EMERY: So you're saying it
creates a type of homeostasis
on Earth because the
moon is in place?
So it's, you know, balanced?
>> TIM: It's the
other way around.
You would have a
natural homeostasis
if the moon wouldn't be there.
But probably, Earth
wouldn't have life at all.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> TIM: So, yeah.
>> EMERY: Tim, do we know
anything about the dark side
of the moon?
>> TIM: It's allegedly, we
have operational bases upon
the-- on the moon, and it seems
as if other species also have
operational bases on the moon.
>> EMERY: We being us on Earth?
>> TIM: Yeah.
Earth people have operational
bases on the moon.
And other species seem
to have those bases
too so that they can go inside
of the gravitational field
of the Earth, and as well,
going outside of the Earth.
>> EMERY: And how did you
receive this information?
>> TIM: So there's a lot of talk
about the bases on the moon,
the operational bases, and
that's how I perceive it
and how I've acknowledged that.
Again, I've never been there.
>> EMERY: You saw some
documentation from your--
>> TIM: Yeah.
So documents say-- they
mentioned the moon.
And through that,
I interpret that
as having a moon or
an operational system
based upon on the-- on the moon.
>> EMERY: Is this just on
the surface of the moon,
or is it inside the moon?
>> TIM: I don't know.
>> EMERY: We have all these
telescopes around the planet,
but we don't see anything
on the surface of the moon.
Why is that?
>> TIM: Well, we
do see something.
So even an amateur,
you know, astronomer
with a kind of solid telescope,
if he watches the moon,
he might see some, you know,
objects going from the surface
into nowhere.
So there are also like, lots
and lots of videos out there
that show objects appearing
and leaving the moon
or going to the moon.
So it's the other way around.
We have a lot of evidence
that some UAPs enter the moon
and leave the moon.
And I mean, you already told me
that you also have, you know,
seen things coming and going
from the moon, isn't it?
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
I've seen it myself, of
many amateur astronomers
who send me videos and
they're very compelling.
Because they do
all the algorithms
about how fast it's going, how
far away from the moon it is.
Sometimes, it
actually casts shadows
on the moon, these craft.
>> TIM: I personally
have seen like,
lightings and little UAP objects
through a telescope that enter
and leave the moon.
And I think everyone,
you know, who
has a kind of solid telescope
or goes on the internet
and, you know,
types that in, they
will find tons and
tons of evidence
that this is happening.
>> EMERY: And who
are these species?
>> TIM: I actually don't know.
So I know that-- or at
least, the documentations
say that human people
have bases on the moon.
Which might not
be too surprising,
because the plans to
build a moon base,
it is pretty much
well-documented.
It's in the files.
At least the United
States of America
would have those plans
in the '50s, '60s.
Yeah, and other nations as well.
They also went for the moon.
>> EMERY: Why do humans
need a base on the moon?
>> TIM: That's a hard
question to answer.
So I mean, the obvious reason
is the strategic advantage
that the moon has.
It only shows one side,
so you have always like,
a side that is not
pointing to the Earth,
so you cannot see it, whatever
is happening on the so-called
dark side of the moon.
You potentially could
build something there.
And if you want to move outside
of the gravitational field
of Earth and travel far
inside of the solar system,
then the moon would
be the perfect base
and the perfect
opportunity to do so.
There also seemed--
you know, everyone
agrees upon the
significance of the moon.
It's super important
for the Greys.
They make no deal about that.
They say it's the
key to ascension
and it is the key to everything.
But also, Being 6 told
me that it's super
important in the way it is.
So why do we need that?
So again, the obvious reason,
the strategical advantage
is the obvious
reason, but there also
seems to be some
kind of force field,
maybe some metaphysical reason
why it would be beneficial
or be an advantage
if you have a moon--
if you have operational
bases on the moon.
>> EMERY: You say the moon
is the key to ascension.
The Greys had said this to you.
But yet, you also said it's
also suppressive, the moon.
So explain that.
>> TIM: So again, it's the
Greys that say that the moon is
the key to ascension of Earth.
All species that
I've communicated to,
they all agree upon
the fact that it's
of tremendous importance,
the role the moon plays.
The one thing that
I'm not sure about
is, do we need to
remove the effect
or lower the effect that the
moon has upon Earth people
in order to ascend, or is it
that we need the functionality
that the moon offers in order
to become more evolved beings?
If you imagine, again, the
perspective of Being 6,
having this kind of
tube where energy
flows from one
side to the other,
and the moon as the
artificial pole and the sun
as the metaphor for the
natural pole of source,
so you might imagine this tube,
even by the way those two,
you know, exit channels, in
some kind of way, how they look,
if you see the sun as our
future and the way we will
be in some time, be connected
with everything, be light,
then you might also see the moon
as the dead body of everything.
So you have the sun
as the life itself,
but you also have the moon
as representative to death,
at least if you look upon
this tube from the perspective
of Being 6.
And that, to them, at least,
is one of the unsolved problems
that we have from
that point of view,
from that level of
consciousness in this version
of the universe.
We have this imbalance
between female and male
that creates death, and
it also creates birth,
and you have these cycles.
But do we want that, is
the question that Being 6
is pretty much into at
that point of perception.
They try to figure
out and try to decide
upon is death and birth and
death and birth as a cycling
process something
that is necessary,
or do we want to
evolve into a state
where we all just be permanently
and make fluent decisions?
And if we go back to
the Vedas, we also
have Shiva, who is the
representation, you know,
of death, but also
of gentle changes.
That means he's not dying.
He's not being born.
He's just there.
He's the symbol of
smooth evolution.
And he also wears the moon in
his hair, so there we have it.
>> EMERY: What other evidence
do we have that the moon is
artificial?
>> TIM: So there have been a
lot of experiments on the moon,
for example, by NASA, and that
is pretty well documented.
For example, sound
experiments where
they realized that
the moon is vibrating
when something impacts it.
So we also see those craters,
which means there are--
whatever hit the moon.
we don't know, maybe
something hit it,
maybe something
artificial hit it.
I'm hinting that--
>> EMERY: Maybe it's just art.
>> TIM: Maybe it's art.
Who knows?
But when you look
upon the craters,
they are very wide in the width,
but they're not very deep.
So whatever had an impact
there had enough force
to create these huge craters,
but it's still very flat.
So that is another indicator.
If the moon was a solid,
natural structure,
then you had very deep craters,
maybe like in the United States
where you have those, Arizona
or something, there's craters.
>> EMERY: So the depth of all
these craters are basically
the same depth,
they're just wider?
>> TIM: Yeah.
So it seems as if we have
a artificial structure that
is even hollow or something
underneath some kind of dust,
moon dust or something
that sticks to the moon.
And whatever hits the
moon doesn't penetrate
the structure of the moon.
>> EMERY: And the
topography of, you know,
the light side of the moon
compared to the dark side
of the moon is
completely different.
Why is that?
>> TIM: It seems different.
I have no reason.
I don't know why that is.
>> EMERY: There are people that
suggest we actually have not
been to the moon.
Have we?
>> TIM: Interesting question.
So the documents
suggest that there
is activity, human activity
on the moon right now.
So at some point or another,
we, or at least human people,
must have been to the moon
because they are there.
The documents suggest that they
are operating there right now.
If everything we have seen--
I mean, I'm thinking that
you're referring to the theory
that the moon landing was
fake, you know, video.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
>> TIM: Something.
I don't know.
It might be, because
a lot of things
are strange or even edited.
And we also have
these astronauts
that at least say or suggest
that some presence was there
when they went there.
Lots and lots of
footage that we have
coming from NASA or
different other programs,
they seem to be edited.
So something's going
on, that's for sure.
But if the story that human
people went to the moon
with the rocket and stuff,
if that is staged or not,
I don't know.
>> EMERY: And what about
the scientists who say we
can't even travel there
because of the Van Allen belt,
this energy field?
>> TIM: So I'm pretty sure that,
because I have seen operating
crafts that can hover
and go outside of Earth,
it's technically absolutely
possible to go to the moon.
If things are 100% true the
way it's been presented,
I don't think so.
>> EMERY: And how are we
allowed to go to the moon?
You know, the extraterrestrials,
obviously, they
put this in place.
How did we get permission?
Is there an alliance
between Earth
and the moon or
different countries
and the presence of these
extraterrestrials on the moon?
>> TIM: Good question.
So I think because
the significance
of the moon, the
importance is so high,
and this is the one thing
everyone agrees upon,
the space on moon
is limited as well.
So I can only suggest that a
lot of conflict might arise from
that in order to figure out who
has a right to be on the moon
and who hasn't.
Again, we have this kind
of legislative structure
in the universe where we
have local laws, where
we have genetic and
temporal laws, and then
some ultimate artificial law
as a super revision instance.
So I would say that
every species that has,
you know, some material on
Earth would have a right to be
on the moon in the first place.
And we know that
there are lot of--
lots and lots of species here.
Again, the second
thing is genetic law,
which means whoever
has the oldest
generics on the planet would
have the right to be there.
And the third one is,
who's the species that
is on this planet the longest?
If it's true what the
non-terrestrials are saying,
humans were not the first
inhabitants of this planet.
There are other, for
example, dinosaur species
that have evolved, some species
that have evolved from insects.
They would have the
first right by that kind
of model of legislation.
But I mean, humans are here
for a pretty long time,
so they definitely have a right
to be on the moon as well.
>> EMERY: If there's one thing
that you would like to know,
Tim, about the moon that someone
can answer, what would that be?
>> TIM: I'm super curious to
understand why the Greys are
saying that the moon is
the key to ascension.
So I mean, if anybody in the
audience has some kind of idea,
just leave it as a
comment and maybe
we can find some truth to that.
>> EMERY: Fantastic.
Well, thank you so much,
Tim, for being on the show.
>> TIM: Thank you
very much, Emery.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next, on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> EMERY: How do some
species use psionics?
>> TIM: There are some species
that are more capable of using
psionics, which means the
ability to alter your reality
by thought.
Humans have a great
potential in doing that.
>> EMERY: So what you're saying
reminds me of the Maharishi
effect.
>> TIM: The more parts come
together and use their creative
powers to move reality
into one or another spot,
the easier it is to
create something.
That is why when you have a
group of people, especially
people that connect
to each other,
that can be used in order
to manifest and to connect
to the universe very quickly.
Reality can be altered.
You're not a victim of yourself.
You are the creator, as
well as everyone else.
[THEME MUSIC]